---
layout: post
title:  "012"
date:   2017-10-16 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /012/
---


My father died six weeks before I was born. My mother remarried when I was about four, though. She met a man at her job, and they eventually got married.

Now, I had an aunt who was very jealous of me, because I lived with my grandparents during the day while my mother worked, and my aunt thought I had advantages over the other children and grandchildren. So while my mother was gone she told me, “you’re mother’s going to get you a new daddy. And he’s going to take you away and you won’t be able to come back anymore.” Now I was only four years old, so I was terrified. When my mother came back, he came with her, and of course he wanted to get to know me and learn to love me because they were going to get married. And he came into the house and said, “where’s my girl?” Well, I hid! I hid behind the wood stove, in between it and the wall. I was blocked in, because the wood box was on the other side. And I was just so scared, I got hysterical!

One day many years later, after my mother had passed away, I got to thinking about how I had hated my step-dad even though he had tried to be so kind to me all my years as a kid. He tried every way in the world to be kind to me. But I hated him. I hated being around him, I hated for him to touch me. He’d give me a nickel to buy candy, or walk me to school, but I never liked him. But one day, I stopped by me niece’s house, because they were taking care of him. I went in talked to my step-dad. “I stopped by for a special reason,” I told him, “I stopped by because I want you to forgive me. I was a nasty kid. You were always kind to me, but I couldn’t stand you for so many years. I despised you! Even though you were good to me, and even favored me over the other kids. You see, when I was a little kid, you got me boxed in behind the wood stove, and you scared me because you thought we were playing and said you were going to get me, and I thought you were going to take me away forever. And I’ve been scared of you ever since. But today I want to hug you. And I want to tell you I love you. And I just ask you to forgive me.”

