---
layout: post
title:  "002"
date:   2017-6-29 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /002/
snippet: Where I grew up in Fjelstervang, in Denmark, everyone was very religious. You didn’t put food in your mouth without saying grace. So it got implanted in me that I wanted to live like those people.
---

Where I grew up in Fjelstervang, in Denmark, everyone was very religious. You didn’t put food in your mouth without saying grace. So it got implanted in me that I wanted to live like those people. I never heard them say bad words, fight, argue, anything. I lived in Denmark until I was 17 before my parents moved to the US .

I ended up in the Catskill Mountains in New York after living in Florida and then serving in the military for three years. I had a family and we had an old colonial home that was built in 1902. I worked on it every day for a year. I didn’t have a job. Then I started 3 businesses after that. We turned the main house into a hotel. It had three generations of antiques in it. I started three other businesses: I bought a motel with two apartments, a small repair shop, and a car wash. All at the same time.  I did that for 17 years.

After that, I asked my wife if I could go down and help my parents sell their business in Florida and retire. They wanted to move into their house in Hayesville GA; they like to be around water. I went down and helped them pack up and sell their business with my son. Then when I flew back, my wife was supposed to be at the airport, because she knew when I was coming. She never picked me up. I finally called her, and she said she would be there in an hour. When she go there, she didn’t greet me like she normally did. On the way home, she said she wanted a divorce. Right out of the blue. The world just turns upside down sometimes.

I kept the motel, that’s all I could. She didn’t treat me well. She had called all of the antique dealers and she was going to sell everything. It was all good stuff. Three generations of antiques. If I wanted anything, I had to go and bid on it at the auction.

A year after that, there was a big incident. My son died in a set-up accident. It was very suspicious. My friend up there was a photographer and he got pictures of everything. Very suspicious. There was no doubt it was a set-up. It was something stupid. He wasn’t a trouble maker... Maybe it was jealousy? There wasn’t any motive to my knowledge, and now I’ll never find out.

I was going to retaliate because I knew who killed him. But my dad told me that God would take care of it, and that I’d only end up in jail. So I took my dad’s advice. A year later this guy who killed my son died of a fast-acting cancer.