---
layout: post
title:  "008"
date:   2017-9-6 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /008/
---

When I was in Iraq I worked on a forward-out-base sending supplies to soldiers who didn’t have proper living quarters. I was in the military for 13 ½ years total. And out of almost 14 years of service, the 18 months I spent in Iraq felt like the most accomplished thing I had ever done. I look back on it now and miss it, but back then I did it because I had a family. I planned on staying in the military for a full 20 years, but I ended up being medically discharged early because I got injured.

We were doing a night mask tac, a low-altitude airplane jump. I jumped at 650 ft, as opposed to sky divers who jump at 12,000 ft. We jump so low so we can get out of the plane and onto the ground quickly. We were in full gear, we had our rucksack, we had our weapons, we had everything. It was a training exercise, and we were prepping to go out on a mission right after the exercise. But when I jumped, the plane hit some turbulence, and I had a bad exit. My chute was cigarette-rolled all the way up. I’m a big guy. I fall like a lawn-dart. I didn't get my chute open until about a hundred feet up. By the time that happened, I hit the ground standing, flat footed. I fell back, and hit my head so hard it knocked me out for over a minute and detached the retina from my right eye.

My whole life changed from right there.

When I came to, I was on a backboard with a neck brace. They were taking my gear off, and they were telling me to stay on the board and not get up, because I was trying to get my stuff and continue with the exercise. I’ve had six surgeries on my eye, and now I’m legally blind in that eye. I can see out of it, but its like opening it underwater. I have a bad back, and two bad shoulder blades because of that fall.

I kept jumping with those injuries because when I was in it, that’s what you did, you didn’t go to the doctor. You kept doing it until something was sticking out or bleeding. I regret it to some degree, continuing to jump with those injuries that is, but if I had the chance to do it over again, I wouldn’t change anything for the world.