---
layout: post
title:  "010"
date:   2017-9-24 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /010/
---

Most people don’t realize or notice all the hours I spend grading papers. I do actually cry over papers my students have written. I’ve cried tears of joy over papers that are so good. And cussed over others as well! My husband actually has to leave the room because he can’t handle me getting upset over papers, and I’m in tears like “it’s just that I went over this topic and over it again and they still didn’t get it!” 

So, I would say I care about teaching. People always tell me that when I start talking about teaching I get fired up, and they can tell I have a passion for teaching.  And I am passionate about it! I probably love communication the most. I’m very passionate about teaching the fact that who we perceive ourselves to be depends on communication. Name anything you believe about yourself that you don’t know from communication. Why do you think you’re smart? Because someone’s told you. Why do I think I’m funny? Because people laugh. When I started thinking about that fact, the impact of communication was just astonishing. I am very passionate about communication, and for taking responsibility for our part in it and not blaming everything on other people.

I think the reason I teach is because there’s so much advice to give. There’s so much to teach about not ignoring your inner voice. Know that you’re going to change, know that the person you are now is not the person you’re going to be. People hear that, but then they forget, and then they freak out, and then they go through an identity crisis! Look inward and not outward. But I don’t know if younger selves can get that yet. My husband said the other day, “Why is it that we spend the first 50 years of our lives screwing up, and the last part of our lives trying to fix it!?”, and I said, “Because we don’t have the life experience yet.” And I don’t necessarily think that’s a bad thing, because I couldn’t know then what I know now. Even if I went back and told my 20-year-old self some stuff, would I really listen to me? I don’t know. I wouldn’t know now what I know if I hadn’t gone through all those mistakes and done the things I’ve done.