---
layout: post
title:  "015"
date:   2017-12-8 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /015/
---

I grew up a bike-ride from the beach. So I spent a lot of time in the water, exploring the swamps and the woods, paddling canoes around. I was an outside kid.  We always think of the phrase “If I had known then what I know now” when we think about the past. For me, I think I would have liked to know more about the arts when I was younger. My school didn’t put a lot of emphasis on the arts, and I find that kinda sad. Unfortunately a lot of high schools treat art as an “extra.” They see it like recess. But art is really where I found my legs, my voice, my confidence. I wish I had found it earlier. But I wouldn’t be where I am now if anything had changed in the past, and I really like where I am now. I guess I can’t wish for the past to have been different.

I do wish people cared more about all living things, not just themselves. That’s why I’m a vegan, because I care about all life. It’s changed so much about how I look at the world. I hope that others will learn to care about that, too. I’ve been a vegetarian since I was in high school. That decision wasn’t really about will power, I just realized it wasn’t good for me. People say they crave things, and I think it’s because their body is telling them they need a specific nutrient. But if you get that nutrition from somewhere else, you don’t crave those things anymore. I haven’t eating any meat since I was in high school. People think it’s really impressive, but funnily enough it’s really not. It’s not hard.