---
layout: post
title:  "016"
date:   2017-12-8 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /016/
---

My parents are separated. I stayed with my mom for most of my childhood and my dad was kinda in and out of the picture. He was around, here and there. They both had their own problems and they still have to figure out some stuff for themselves. But I didn’t let their problems get to me and cause me any detrimental harm.

I can’t wait for Christmas. It’s my favorite time of the year. Actually, the entire time from October to December is just great! I love the feeling of coming down the stairs to your Christmas tree and you’ve got your presents underneath, and you’ve got your Christmas music playing in the background. There’s just something about that that soothes your soul. It’s like medicine. My family can get really divided, we live in all different places, but Christmas brings us together. My mom’s side of the family is all laughter on Christmas. That’s what I love most about the holidays: the feeling.

So, this is something I’ve only just very recently come to learn for myself, over the past year I’ve had a lot of growth mentally and emotionally, and figured out a lot about myself and how I feel about the world and about people. The most important thing I’ve learned is that I’m so incredibly lucky. I have so many opportunities and privileges that other people don’t have. One thing that’s important to me now is treating everyone the same, regardless of their status or religion or sexual orientation. It’s important to me that I help other people because I am so privileged.

Like I said, this year has been a really big year for me developmentally and emotionally. A lot of that was because I was in a friendship, on the border of a relationship, which I still have now, but that has changed a little bit. Now it’s a much more abstract friendship. Basically, this person I was in this friendship with moved away. Both of us were very dependent on each other in this relationship. We had never been apart from each other. So when he moved away, things were automatically very different. And not different in the way I thought they would be. It was actually more positive for me to lose that co-dependency and grow in ways I couldn’t before. So, recently, I moved in with my aunt and uncle to a house in Ranger that’s really nice. I’ve never lived in a nice house like this, I’ve always lived in tiny rentals or apartments. My room actually has a balcony and the sun always sets in direct view of my room from the balcony. I remember, in the first week of living there after my friend had moved away, walking out on the balcony and watching the sunset, and I realized I was alone, but I wasn’t lonely. I think that was the most recent time I felt truly content and at peace.