---
layout: post
title:  "017"
date:   2017-12-19 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /017/
snippet: I was at a party. My first-love was there. I don’t know if you’ve had a first true love, but you know it when you feel it. A lot of times your first-love has a power over you.
---

I was at a party. My first-love was there. I don’t know if you’ve had a first true love, but you know it when you feel it. A lot of times your first-love has a power over you. I knew I needed to leave this party because he was there, but I was also drunk. I left in my car, but I got pulled over for reckless driving. I got a D.U.I., my car was impounded, and I went to jail. I had gotten my license 4 days before.

I had never been in jail, never been in any trouble. I was in a cell with another lady. They told me in the holding cell that this lady was the same person who had chopped off another lady’s head and threw the body down a well in 2013. I went into the cell with this person, and just started crying. Then I gave her my sandwich. I’m a picky eater, and I didn’t really want this sandwich, and I knew I was going to be bunk mates with this crazy lady, so I gave her my sandwich. I got out of jail that same day, and I never went back. It was a good lesson for me! 

{% include story-img.html name="017part2" %}

It was a preterm labor. They didn’t listen to me. They assume that when you’re a young parent you don’t know what you’re talking about. I went in to the ER and said there were complications; they told me everything was fine and sent me home. A couple hours later I went back with a fever of 104. I had tremors so bad I couldn’t talk. They apparently didn’t remember me from a few hours before. They told me I was too far into labor to stop it. The whole thing was just an infection, a cold or something, that they could have fixed. But my son passed away right after he was born. 

I don’t want people to be sorry. It sucks for me, but I don’t want him to be a tragedy. I don’t want people to be sorry. Selfishly I want him to be with me, but God is going to give him a better life than I ever could have given him. 
Now almost two years later I’m almost due with another little boy. We’re going to name him Phoenix. 
