---
layout: post
title: "020"
date: 2018-3-25 12:00:00 +0000
categories: 
permalink: /020/
snippet: I grew up with Reiki. It was very prevalent in the church I went to as a child. It was a very “hippie” church.
---

Reiki is basically the life energy of the universe. It’s something we all have in us, but when you’re certified, you are able to move it to where you want it to go. You’re able to be precise with what you want the energy to do. Sessions are hands-on so there’s no massage or anything, you’re just placing your hands on various places on the body, mostly following down the chakras. 

I grew up with Reiki. It was very prevalent in the church I went to as a child. It was a very “hippie” church. There was an amazing woman there who would bring her table every Sunday and Wednesday, and we’d take turns on the table letting her practice Reiki on us. My dad was a nurse and watching him and this lady at my church made me want to help people. 

When I took my first Reiki class and became certified in Reiki 1, I already felt like it was natural, but I didn’t realize how natural it was until I started practicing on other people besides myself. A lady asked me if I could do a treatment on her, and of course I said yes. During the treatment, I kept being drawn towards her abdomen. I did the full treatment but kept going back to her abdomen. At the end of the session we sat down and had a conversation and I asked her if she’d had any issues in her abdominal area, either physical or emotional. She said no and wasn’t concerned, just knew she hadn’t had any problems. She said she was having a one-year checkup the next day so she would ask and see if there was a problem. After the checkup she found out she had some growths in her ovaries.

She came back go me two or three times and ended up not having to have surgery. 
